docs: add usage of server_lifespan hook and motivations (#4097)
litestar-org/litestar: docs/usage/cli.rst

    @click.command()
    def my_command(app: Litestar) -> None: ...

Using the `server_lifespan` hook
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Server lifespan hooks are a powerful way to run code before and after the server starts and stops.
> It is useful when running the underlying asgi server with multiple workers, as it allows you to
> run code before the server starts and after it stops, regardless of the number of workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Server lifespan hooks provide a way to run code before and after the *server* starts and stops. In contrast to the regular `lifespan` hooks, they only run once, even when a server starts multiple workers, whereas `lifespan` hooks would run for each individual worker.

This makes them suitable for tasks that should happen exactly once, like initializing a database.
```
